Docs and help strings: add missing -pct option description in pct2rgb and fix some typos in pct2rgb and rgb2pct (#5447)
OSGeo/gdal: doc/source/programs/pct2rgb.rst

    Generate a RGBA file (instead of a RGB file by default).

.. option:: -pct <palette_file>

>     Extract the color table from <palette_file> instead of computing it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Extract the color table from <palette_file> instead of getting it from <source_file>
```

Author: Thanks. I've also modified the help string.

>     Extract the color table from <palette_file> instead of getting it from <source_file>

Author: ```suggestion
    Extract the color table from <palette_file> instead of getting it from <source_file>.
```
